---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bunny_pullzone Resource - terraform-provider-bunnycdn"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# bunny_pullzone (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) The name of the Pull Zone.
- **origin_url** (String) The origin URL of the Pull Zone where the files are fetched from.

### Optional

- **access_control_origin_header_extensions** (Set of String) List of extensions that will return the CORS headers.
- **add_canonical_header** (Boolean) Determines if the canonical header should be added by this zone.
- **add_host_header** (Boolean) Determines if the zone should forward the requested host header to the origin.
- **allowed_referrers** (Set of String) Sets the list of referrer hostnames that are allowed to access the Pull Zone. Requests containing the header Referer: hostname that is not on the list will be rejected. If empty, all the referrers are allowed.
- **aws_signing_enabled** (Boolean) Determines if the AWS signing should be enabled or not.
- **aws_signing_key** (String) AWS Signing Key
- **aws_signing_region_name** (String)
- **aws_signing_secret** (String, Sensitive)
- **block_post_requests** (Boolean)
- **block_root_path_access** (Boolean) Determines if the zone should block requests to the root of the zone.
- **blocked_countries** (Set of String) Sets the list of two letter Alpha2 country codes that will be blocked from accessing the zone.
- **blocked_ips** (Set of String) Sets the list of IPs that are blocked from accessing the Pull Zone. Requests coming from the following IPs will be rejected. If empty, all the IPs will be allowed.
- **blocked_referrers** (Set of String) The list of hostnames that will be blocked from accessing the Pull Zone.
- **budget_redirected_countries** (Set of String) Sets the list of two letter Alpha2 country codes that will be redirected to the cheapest possible region.
- **cache_control_browser_max_age_override** (Number) Sets the browser cache control override setting for this zone.
- **cache_control_max_age_override** (Number) Sets the cache control override setting for this zone.
- **connection_limit_per_ip_count** (Number) Determines the maximum number of connections per IP that will be allowed to connect to this Pull Zone.
- **disable_cookies** (Boolean) Determines if the Pull Zone should automatically remove cookies from the responses.
- **enable_access_control_origin_header** (Boolean) Determines if CORS headers should be enabled.
- **enable_avif_vary** (Boolean) Determines if the AVIF Vary feature should be enabled..
- **enable_cache_slice** (Boolean) Determines if cache slicing (Optimize for video) should be enabled for this zone.
- **enable_country_code_vary** (Boolean) Determines if the Country Code Vary feature should be enabled.
- **enable_hostname_vary** (Boolean) Determines if the Hostname Vary feature should be enabled.
- **enable_logging** (Boolean) Determines if the logging should be enabled for this zone.
- **enable_mobile_vary** (Boolean) Determines if the Mobile Vary feature is enabled.
- **enable_origin_shield** (Boolean) Determines if the origin shield should be enabled.
- **enable_tls1_1** (Boolean) Determines if the TLS 1.1 should be enabled on this zone.
- **enable_tlsv1** (Boolean) Determines if the TLS 1 should be enabled on this zone.
- **enable_webp_vary** (Boolean) Determines if the WebP Vary feature should be enabled.
- **error_page_custom_code** (String) Contains the custom error page code that will be returned
- **error_page_enable_custom_code** (Boolean) Determines if custom error page code should be enabled.
- **error_page_enable_statuspage_widget** (Boolean) Determines if the statuspage widget should be displayed on the error pages.
- **error_page_statuspage_code** (String) The statuspage code that will be used to build the status widget.
- **error_page_whitelabel** (Boolean) Determines if the error pages should be whitelabel or not.
- **follow_redirects** (Boolean) Determines if the zone should follow redirects return by the oprigin and cache the response.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **ignore_query_strings** (Boolean) Determines if the Pull Zone should ignore query strings when serving cached objects (Vary by Query String).
- **log_forwarding_enabled** (Boolean)
- **log_forwarding_hostname** (String) Sets the log forwarding destination hostname for the zone.
- **log_forwarding_port** (Number) Sets the log forwarding port for the zone.
- **log_forwarding_token** (String, Sensitive) Sets the log forwarding token for the zone.
- **logging_ip_anonymization_enabled** (Boolean) Determines if the log anonoymization should be enabled. The field can only be set if the DPA agreement was set in the webinterface.
- **logging_save_to_storage** (Boolean) Determines if the logging permanent storage should be enabled.
- **logging_storage_zone_id** (Number) Sets the Storage Zone id that should contain the logs from this Pull Zone.
- **monthly_bandwidth_limit** (Number) Sets the monthly limit of bandwidth in bytes that the pullzone is allowed to use.
- **optimizer_automatic_optimization_enabled** (Boolean) Determines if the automatic image optimization should be enabled.
- **optimizer_desktop_max_width** (Number) Determines if the automatic image optimization should be enabled.
- **optimizer_enable_webp** (Boolean) Determines if the WebP optimization should be enabled.
- **optimizer_enabled** (Boolean) Determines if the optimizer should be enabled for this zone.
- **optimizer_image_quality** (Number) Determines the image quality for desktop clients.
- **optimizer_minify_css** (Boolean) Determines if the CSS minifcation should be enabled.
- **optimizer_minify_javascript** (Boolean) Determines if the JavaScript minifcation should be enabled.
- **optimizer_mobile_image_quality** (Number) Determines the image quality for mobile clients.
- **optimizer_mobile_max_width** (Number) Determines the maximum automatic image size for mobile clients.
- **optimizer_watermark_enabled** (Boolean) Determines if image watermarking should be enabled.
- **optimizer_watermark_min_image_size** (Number) Sets the minimum image size to which the watermark will be added.
- **optimizer_watermark_offset** (Number) Sets the offset of the watermark image.
- **optimizer_watermark_position** (Number) Sets the position of the watermark image.
- **optimizer_watermark_url** (String) Sets the URL of the watermark image.
- **optimizier_enable_manipulation_engine** (Boolean) Determines if the image manipulation should be enabled.
- **origin_shield_zone_code** (String) Determines the zone code where the origin shield should be set up.
- **perma_cache_storage_zone_id** (Number) The ID of the storage zone that should be used as the Perma-Cache.
- **request_limit** (Number) Determines the maximum number of requests per second that will be allowed to connect to this Pull Zone.
- **storage_zone_id** (Number) The ID of the storage zone that the Pull Zone is linked to.
- **type** (Number) The type of the Pull Zone. Standard = 0, Volume = 1.
- **verify_origin_ssl** (Boolean) Determines if the SSL certificate should be verified when connecting to the origin.
- **zone_security_enabled** (Boolean)
- **zone_security_include_hash_remote_ip** (Boolean)

### Read-Only

- **cname_domain** (String) The CNAME domain of the Pull Zone for setting up custom hostnames.
- **enable_geo_zone_af** (Boolean) Serve data from the Middle East & Africa Zone.
- **enable_geo_zone_asia** (Boolean) Serve data from the Asia & Oceania Zone.
- **enable_geo_zone_eu** (Boolean) Serve data from the Europe Zone.
- **enable_geo_zone_sa** (Boolean) Serve data from the South America Zone.
- **enable_geo_zone_us** (Boolean) Serve data from the US Zone.
- **enabled** (Boolean)
- **last_updated** (String)
- **video_library_id** (Number) The ID of the video library that the zone is linked to.
- **zone_security_key** (String, Sensitive)


