---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bunny_edgerule Resource - terraform-provider-bunnycdn"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# bunny_edgerule (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **action_type** (String) The action type of the Edge Rule.
Valid values: block_request, disable_optimizer, disable_token_auth, enable_token_auth, force_compression, force_download, force_ssl, ignore_quiery_string, origin_url, override_cache_time, override_cache_time_public, redirect, set_request_header, set_response_header
- **pull_zone_id** (Number) The ID of the Pull Zone to that Edge Rule belongs.
- **trigger** (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 5) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--trigger))

### Optional

- **action_parameter_1** (String) The Action parameter 1. The value depends on other parameters of the edge rule.
- **action_parameter_2** (String) The Action parameter 2. The value depends on other parameters of the edge rule.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **trigger_matching_type** (String) The trigger matching type.
Valid values: all, any, none

### Read-Only

- **description** (String) The description of the Edge Rule. This field is used internally by Terraform bunny-provider.
- **enabled** (Boolean) Determines if the edge rule is currently enabled or not.

<a id="nestedblock--trigger"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trigger`

Required:

- **pattern_matching_type** (String) The type of pattern matching.
Valid values: all, any, none
- **type** (String) The type of the Trigger.
Valid values: country_code, query_string, random_chance, remote_ip, request_header, response_header, url, url_extensions

Optional:

- **parameter_1** (String) The trigger parameter 1. The value depends on the type of trigger.
- **pattern_matches** (Set of String) The list of pattern matches that will trigger the edge rule.


